readme.md, before:

# Splash screen example plugin
#
 Splash Example Plugin is a simple, light-weight splash screen renderering plugin with several features.
  - Drop and play, once added to the csv, just add your textures to see it in action!
  - Renders a Pre-Splash texture to the intial window that spawns on game launch
  - Compatible with engine templates and GameSDK Sample project for 5.3
  - Several CVars to control the plugin without building from source
    - CVar `splash_show` (def 1) Enable/Disable splash plugin
    - CVar `splash_show_initial` (def 1) Controls showing the intial splash image
    - CVar `splash_minimumPlaybackTime` (def 10.0) Splash display time in seconds
    - CVar `splash_minimumPlaybackTimeA` (def 5.0) Initial splash display time in seconds
    - CVar `splash_startTimeOffset` (def 0.0) Allows for more accurate splash length
    - CVar `splash_texture_a` (def 'SplashExample/textures/splash_a.dds') Pre splash texture
    - CVar `splash_texture` (def 'SplashExample/textures/splash.dds') Main splash texture
  - Fully documented code available on github for re-use/educational purposes
  - Automatically overrides original splash screens (if any)

### Installing pre built binary
Installing the plugin to an existing project using the pre-built win 64 binaries is easy.
  - Copy the `SplashExample.dll` file next to your own `Game.dll` file (in `bin/win_x64` folder)
  - Merge the `Assets` directory from the plugin with your games own `Assets` folder
  - Add this line to the `cryplugins.csv` (next to your cryproject file):
```
C++;SplashExample;Plugin_SplashExample;bin/win_x64/SplashExample.dll;Assets
```

Take note: For the best effect with the initial splash screen, you should set r_width and r_height to the 
same dimensions as the splash_a.dds texture you supply. Also, make sure r_fullscreen is not set to 1 in any cfg.
(This is not required for the plugin to work, but not enforcing this will cause the intial splash to flicker between settings)

### Building from source
Building is not necessary to use the plugin, however it is very easy to do so.
Take note the supplied `CMakeLists.txt` and `vcxproj.user.in` files have been customized, 
The debugger launch param is automatically set to the specified game project on generating the solution, 
whilst upon building CMake will copy the built `SplashExample.dll` to the correct location automatically.

To make use of this customization simply modify the variables `TestPlatformRoot`, `TestPlatformPath` and `TestPlatformProject` in the `CMakeLists.txt`. 
This is highly advised before generating a solution as a copied dll may just end up cluttering your root drive.

### More information
For help or more information please visit the associated thread on the forums below.
Cry Engine &reg; Forum Thread: https://www.cryengine.com/community/viewtopic.php?f=314&t=135972
GitHub &reg; Repository: https://github.com/uniflare/SplashExample

Commit message:

Made initial splash force remove window border - Updated readme to reflect the change with reccomendation for usage - Fixed slow shutdown if quit during splash playback - Rebuilt release dll for CE5.3 Release

readme.md, after:

# Splash screen example plugin
#
 Splash Example Plugin is a simple, light-weight splash screen renderering plugin with several features.
  - Drop and play, once added to the csv, just add your textures to see it in action!
  - Renders a Pre-Splash texture to the intial window that spawns on game launch
  - Compatible with engine templates and GameSDK Sample project for 5.3
  - Several CVars to control the plugin without building from source
    - CVar `splash_show` (def 1) Enable/Disable splash plugin
    - CVar `splash_show_initial` (def 1) Controls showing the intial splash image
    - CVar `splash_minimumPlaybackTime` (def 10.0) Splash display time in seconds
    - CVar `splash_minimumPlaybackTimeA` (def 5.0) Initial splash display time in seconds
    - CVar `splash_startTimeOffset` (def 0.0) Allows for more accurate splash length
    - CVar `splash_texture_a` (def 'SplashExample/textures/splash_a.dds') Pre splash texture
    - CVar `splash_texture` (def 'SplashExample/textures/splash.dds') Main splash texture
  - Fully documented code available on github for re-use/educational purposes
  - Automatically overrides original splash screens (if any)

### Installing pre built binary
Installing the plugin to an existing project using the pre-built win 64 binaries is easy.
  - Copy the `SplashExample.dll` file next to your own `Game.dll` file (in `bin/win_x64` folder)
  - Merge the `Assets` directory from the plugin with your games own `Assets` folder
  - Add this line to the `cryplugins.csv` (next to your cryproject file):
```
C++;SplashExample;Plugin_SplashExample;bin/win_x64/SplashExample.dll;Assets
```

Take note: For the best effect with the initial splash screen, you should set r_width and r_height to the 
same dimensions as the splash_a.dds texture you supply. Also, make sure r_fullscreen is not set to 1 in any cfg and also make sure r_fullscreenwindow is set to 1 to remove window border.
(This is not required for the plugin to work, but not enforcing this will cause the intial splash to flicker between settings)

### Building from source
Building is not necessary to use the plugin, however it is very easy to do so.
Take note the supplied `CMakeLists.txt` and `vcxproj.user.in` files have been customized, 
The debugger launch param is automatically set to the specified game project on generating the solution, 
whilst upon building CMake will copy the built `SplashExample.dll` to the correct location automatically.

To make use of this customization simply modify the variables `TestPlatformRoot`, `TestPlatformPath` and `TestPlatformProject` in the `CMakeLists.txt`. 
This is highly advised before generating a solution as a copied dll may just end up cluttering your root drive.

### More information
For help or more information please visit the associated thread on the forums below.
Cry Engine &reg; Forum Thread: https://www.cryengine.com/community/viewtopic.php?f=314&t=135972
GitHub &reg; Repository: https://github.com/uniflare/SplashExample
